when the leaves start turning the
foliage around mount Princeton Hot
Springs Resort makes this area truly
golden and for a few weeks generally in
late-september or early october the
chopped creek canyon becomes a colorado
fantasia
one of the best ways to explore this
magical wonder during this time of year
is either using a four-by-four or an atv
both available for booking right at the
resort's concierge desk
although a TV access is only available a
few miles up the road from the resort
once on a designated trail you'll have
hundreds of miles to explore including
three mountain passes that cross over
12,000 feet in elevation not to mention
the fact that you can cross the
Continental Divide twice and get your
fill of Colorado Western history
and if you get a little sore from all
the outdoor activities the geothermal
water at mount Princeton Hot Springs
Resort & Spa offers an ideal way to
relax and rejuvenate your muscles
you
to enhance your recovery or simply to
take full advantage of the resort's
amenities you may want to schedule a
massage in the new luxurious spa that
provides a wide variety of refined
services the spawn club was completed in
2012 it has 8 treatment rooms we've run
services from an all-organic sugar glow
to your standard deep tissue most
popular treatment is the non Princeton
signature treatment which includes a
little bit of everything and saying
massage exfoliation aromatherapy it's a
great service
you
for the more active guests interested in
fitness classes including yoga or other
ways to exercise while in the water the
resort offers all sorts of interesting
aqua programs though Princeton is
expanding their fitness program so
currently we have a phenomenal water
yoga class which is a huge hit with any
guests who walks in the door and our
local residents
well and yoga and water yoga are very
similar but then at the same time they
can be different in land yoga of course
we can do the inversions and and do
things up against the wall in the studio
but then in the water we can really use
the the warmth of the water to help
relax or muscles and we also can do some
more balance poses it gives people more
confidence as a balance in the water so
both are excellent and we offer both
classes here at Melbourne
water classes at mount Princeton is
completely different than anything else
you'd experience because the water is
different here it's warm the
environments are beautiful no matter
which pool you're in you're surrounded
by beauty everywhere we plan to continue
our water classes over the course of the
summer with a water cardio a stroke
refinement just various other water your
classes
for anyone who wants to get their heart
rate up we have aqua cardio and it's a
great class in the cooler pool of our
resort and again it's in the midst of
the beautiful mountains outside
breathing in fresh air and we keep our
heart rate at a high level and have a
lot of fun
a visit down the road to mount Princeton
stables for a horseback ride will
provide a lasting memory and give you a
chance to revert to the Old West your
horse back riding options include either
a half-day or a full day ride all
through magnificent landscapes and
guided by genuine expert horse Wranglers
who will assist you every step of the
way
biking is another great favorite at
mount Princeton Hot Springs Resort and
Spa and this activity is available
literally outside your cabin door and if
you didn't bring a bike don't worry
absolute bikes the resort's official
partner always has a few on site that
you can rent from the concierge center
right next to the main lobby nearby
biking trails range from flat ones
accessible to everybody to the more
extreme for the expert mountain biker
and all of them provide spectacular
views of the collegiate peaks and the
glorious vistas surrounding the resort
you